Well, good morning everybody. Thank you
for joining me again today. I know
this is a different time. I
usually come on at this time at night, but
I felt in my heart to do it early today.
So, we're going to pray today and
go over some of the
things that we see in the news that are
important for us to pray over. We're
going to pray over unsaved loved ones a
lot today. We're going to pray over
our nation and the Fourth
of July. We're going to be praying over
a lot of things. So, we're just going to
get started, and if people join,
they'll watch it later. We're
just thankful for every one of you that
are able to pray now with us. I know
that we're probably seeing faces
from around the world that are
not able to usually join us at 8:00 at
night. So, it's exciting for some of you;
maybe you're watching in a place where
you're like, 'Brandon, I'm usually
asleep at that time,'or whatever. All
right. Okay, Braden, do you have
anything to show us today? Yes. Okay.
I'm trying to...
Do
you have your mic on?
No, not yet.
Okay. Well, we
could talk about what...
I can show you the Mani girl.
There's a lot going on, but here...
Father, we just thank you. We just thank
you for this broadcast. Father, we plead
the blood of Jesus over our internet. We
plead the blood of Jesus over this time
of prayer. And we
thank you, Lord. We dedicate it to you,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus all around us. And we
thank you, Father, that greater is He
that is in us than he that is in the
world. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for it. All right. Are
you about ready?
Yeah,
Mr. Chairman.
Okay. So, we have Taiwan today
bringing out legislation
that is going to framework the Bitcoin
and crypto industry. And I thought this
is interesting because
of what the Lord showed us about
the sooners.
Asian nations—Japan, South Korea—rise
up first before America
to get the legislation, to be the sooners,
to get into it before because they
know what's coming with a new
digital age, a new
world order. We know what's
coming because the Bible tells us what's
coming. And so, this is what's
interesting to me: when Taiwan starts
to do it, South Korea did it, Japan
does it, and all this stuff. And I'm
like, 'Look at all this.'So now we have
Taiwan passes bill to regulate
the
crypto stuff. And so I'm like, 'Well,
that's pretty interesting, huh?'Regulatory
framework for crypto.
Taiwan,
here we go. Asia—my
Asian brothers and sisters, look at
this going on.
'Mr. Chairman, colleagues, I'm glad the
Virtual Asset Service Act has finally
passed its third reading today. This is
a very important moment in Taiwan's
financial history as it marks our
official entry into a new era of digital
finance.
Combined with the AI Basic Act, it will
further lead us into the era of AI
finance.
I'd like to specially thank Commissioner
Lee Yen-hsiu, the convenor of the Finance
Committee, for gathering cross-party
commissioners to listen to public
opinion and the voices of the younger
generation. I also thank the Kuomintang
for prioritizing the review, showing
their resolve to lead Taiwan into the
digital finance world. Thanks to the
Taiwan People's Party caucus for their
version and to the Democratic
Progressive Party and officials for
their hard work, allowing this bill to
pass the committee smoothly without
negotiation and complete its third
reading today. We also thank the
Financial Supervisory Commission,
especially Chairperson Peng Jin-lung, for
leading the team through new financial
challenges. Thanks also to the Central
Bank, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Justice,
Judicial Yuan, police, and all
administrative agencies for their help
so that this bill could reach this point
today. This is a historic project
completed by the executive, legislature,
industry, and society, and it's a
win-win day for all. The spirit of this
bill is clear: fraud prevention is not
meant to stifle innovation, nor should
innovation sacrifice the safety of
people's property. We require customer
asset segregation, information
disclosure, and rules for platform
listing and delisting for stablecoin
regulation. We also demand that
authorities no longer delay addressing
derivative products. New services must
align with international rules with
continuous rolling revisions. I will
also continue to track the progress of
relevant subsidiary laws. After today,
we will no longer just ask what
virtual assets are. Taiwan will begin to
answer how responsible digital finance
can go from Taiwan to the world. History
will remember this day as we establish
verification and build trust through the
law. Don't trust, just verify. Thank you
everyone.'Well,
that's a big deal for those
that live in Taiwan. But our people
here in America—they hopefully...
I try not to be too critical, but
our senators and our House
are a joke. And so, if we do not
pass it... they said by the end of July
that there's a chance we
will not see our legislation passing
until 2027 now because they're
trying to delay. What did I
tell you? I saw major banks lobbying
against it, with JPMorgan and others, that
they would lobby against this
legislation. And they don't realize
you're not going to stop the ball from
rolling. We already know where we are in
the end times. They're just putting us
behind. We want to be ahead, the
forerunner in this, but
they're too stupid because they don't
realize what the Bible says and
where we are in the end times, right?
Because they're ignorant of the Word.
But
obviously, the Asians are catching on.
And so it's pretty interesting, huh? The
new digital age, what's coming with the
new digital world. And so,
interesting... I just think it's
interesting because of what the Lord showed
us about the Asians: they would rise up
first.
And so, okay. Next. Okay, Clarence—remember
we told you?
Now, I don't know why he went. Nobody
understands.
Did he watch the broadcast and go get a
checkup? He could be watching us,
and we're praying for him. But the Lord
said specifically to pray for this man.
Pray for his health. Pray for his heart.
Pray for his arteries. Pray for his
prostate. Pray for him to have a
long life to sustain him because
he's conservative. We want conservative
judges that are good judges, that are
not bozos that have a liberal agenda to
destroy America. And he's 78 years old,
so he's not young; he's getting up
there. You know, once he passes 80, I
think that's starting to get pretty old.
But it's not—you know, he's not like
crazy old. He has about two years until
I start going, 'Well, he's getting pretty old.'But
the Lord said to pray
for his health. Specifically, him going in
for the next six months, praying for
his health. Now, a mysterious visit to the doctor—mysterious
medical visit.
So, people are talking about it.
What is he doing? Why is he doing
this? I don't know. Maybe he went to
check up because he watches us and goes,
'Hey, maybe I should go see if I have
something going on with me.'We don't
want to speculate anything, but I think
it's interesting
that he went to the doctor. So,
what is our job? We're going to continue
to pray for him. We're going to pray for
his health,
for his long life, and for him to
be able to be who he needs to be to
do his job right until the Lord wants
him to do something else. But...
interesting, huh? So, we're going to
pray for Clarence today.
Then a longtime Democrat in Denver lost.
Three decades she has won in the House
in Colorado. And who did she lose to? A
socialist.
The Mani girl. Mandabi's girl won.
Beat three decades of a Democrat,
replaced her. She's going to
run against the
Republican now. Right. So, listen to
what this girl stands for. This is
what I told you. This is
a
socialist coming over our internet. The
Lord said
a socialistic control. Government
control will be major over the internet
by 2030 concerning livestreaming—what
we're doing right now: Facebook,
all the major platforms. I
believe, I pray X will stand alone
continually, that Elon Musk will say,
'No, we're not going to have it.'But I saw
manipulation coming, especially in Europe
now, and in Australia and
Canada. But look at this right here, what
she says about 9/11. And this is who just
won over Denver. Okay, now listen to
what she says—this is how demonic these
people are. Go ahead.
'Of the Middle East.
I want to clarify. I'm just asking you
about your own words. Your frame of the
October 7th attacks was that it was an
inevitable consequence for Israel based
on its actions. And I'm asking you, was
9/11 an inevitable consequence for
America based on US foreign policy?''Inevitable
in the sense that we
destabilized a lot of the Middle East.
That forced people to believe that
another act of violence was the only
response. And again, just like I said
before, our responsibility is to getting
rid of those conditions.'You
didn't play the right clip.
Nope. '...believe that the 9/11 terrorist
attacks on America were the inevitable
consequence of American foreign policy.''I
believe that
the quote in which that is probably
being referenced in the context in
which it was happening was referencing a
Pentagon official who was talking about
the acts that America was taking
in parts of the Middle East.
I want to clarify. I'm just asking you
about your own words. Your frame of the
October 7th attacks was that was an
inevitable—'You
skipped part of it. That's why,
because I was saying
she was agreeing with... I
couldn't believe some of the things she
said, but you can play some of it. Go
ahead and skip it.
No, just keep going. Keep moving. We've
got to move fast. We've got to pray.
Okay. And then,
right, see, everybody's upset. A democratic
socialistic candidate called the 9/11 terror
attack
inevitable due to US foreign policy.
So people are upset about it in the New York
Post, but she won, and this is the kind
of idiots you all want that you're
voting for in Denver. It's pretty
amazing. But go ahead and look at Zohran Mamdani.
Here he is.
Everybody loves him. And you
know what's amazing is people say he
is fantastic. They love him in New
York, right?
'Republicans are going to make you the
poster
child for the Democratic Party.''Let
them. We don't have to ask ourselves
what life looks like if a socialist
wins. I won last November, and over the
course of these last six months, what
we've delivered for working people are
the very things we were told were
impossible. We've delivered free childcare for two-year-olds
for the first time
in New York City history. We've
delivered tens of millions of dollars
back to tenants who were taken advantage
of by bad landlords. We've delivered
165,000 potholes being paved. And we've
done all of these things while also
delivering the lowest recorded crime in
our city's history. That's what it looks
like to have democratic socialism. And
what you're seeing is that New Yorkers
experienced this for six months and made
the decision that they wanted to see
more of it on the national stage as well.'Okay,
okay,
I don't really need to comment on it.
You heard what he said. Okay, go
ahead.
Yeah, I think Trump says anything... This is
our president and
what he says to this idiot in New York.
Go ahead.
'That really topped everything by a lot
today. Yeah,
Mr. President, Zohran Mamdani said in an
interview this week that he was open to
being the poster child for socialist
candidates. Are you worried about more
socialist candidates across the United States?''I
think it's a big threat to our nation,
actually, because it's not socialism;
it's really communism. They use the word
"social democrat"because it sounds so
nice, but it's really communism you're
talking about. I think it's the biggest
threat to our nation.
There is, maybe since our founding, that
includes World War I, World War II,
September 11th. It includes the Pearl
Harbor attack.
I think this is the biggest threat to
our nation. People will smile when I say
that, but the smart people are going to
say, "You know, he's probably right."It's
basically introducing communism into the
United States of America. There's never
been anything so dangerous. Thank you
very much.'He
looks tired.
He doesn't look right. He doesn't look
healthy. We're going to pray for him more.
Goodness.
Okay, go ahead. And then there's
flooding in Ghana.
So we have flooding in Ghana. Major
weather stuff going on all
around the world. It's amazing. And what
I think is interesting also is the
flooding that's going on in Iran. I
mean, we've got stuff floating down—the
animals are floating down the street.
Weather manipulation,
weather modification, weather
warfare is what the Lord warned us was coming—that
they would start to use
weapons of war of weather manipulation.
And we will see major floods, major droughts, straight-line
winds,
record-breaking hail, record-breaking
hurricanes are coming. They'll
have to find a new category of hurricane
because of how big the hurricane will
be. I saw straight-line winds that
will be record-breaking, that will be
like catastrophic winds coming, and it
will be made by weapons of war with
weather.
Now we have windmills that can't even
stand up in parts of
South Dakota. They're bending.
The wind is so strong in South
Dakota it's breaking the windmills and
snapping them like toothpicks.
That's incredible. I mean, maybe it was
a faulty one, but I just think it's
pretty interesting, huh?
No, but there's multiple of them.
Yeah. Oh, multiple. Yeah. Wow. I didn't
see all of them.
Look, this one broke, too.
Wow. Incredible. They're just snapping them
like toothpicks.
The Lord said, 'Fearful sights we will
see to bring us to our knees.'I saw as
of April 1st, I'll keep going over it, I
saw meteors starting to come, and it
would be more and more large meteor
things happening from April 1st on into Rosh Hashanah.
Look, we have another one
here in
Louisiana.
We have a major meteor
coming in. It's pretty big. It's
beautiful, actually. It looked
kind of like a firework.
Okay, we have...
a volcano went off.
Pretty big one.
Yeah,
it's a small eruption,
isn't it?
Yeah, it's pretty small, but it's
like a lot of ash.
A lot of ash.
Okay, and then there's
an earthquake down by Acapulco.
Where is that?
Baja California,
Mexico.
So, wherever
that is down there by Mexico, we had an
earthquake.
Yeah, a
pretty good one. We're having them pretty
good. And so there's an
uptick in
earthquakes. They're happening
everywhere. Big solar flares, sunspots
exploding, things are happening.
Look at this one.
People are freaking out about that.
Braden was
telling me—he said that the guy who
does his video says its effects are
magnetic.
I think
that was it.
Zelenskyy
is meeting with people. Yeah,
the puppet master.
Sweden.
Pinocchio is meeting with a lot of
people. Sweden.
And he took down that bridge. Who?
Why'd you take down that bridge?
I don't know.
Well, it doesn't make any sense.
I'm teasing Braden.
That doesn't make any sense.","corrections":[{"sentence":"But go ahead and look at [Mandabi].","originalWord":"Mandabi","proposedWord":"Zohran Mamdani","confidence":0.9},{"sentence":"Mr. President, [Zoran Mdani] said in an interview this week that he was open to being the poster child for socialist candidates.","originalWord":"Zoran Mdani","proposedWord":"Zohran Mamdani","confidence":1.0},{"sentence":"...record-breaking [hell], record-breaking hurricanes are coming that will they'll have to find a new category of hurricane...","originalWord":"hell","proposedWord":"hail","confidence":1.0},{"sentence":"...more and more large meteor things happening from April 1st on into [Roashana].","originalWord":"Roashana","proposedWord":"Rosh Hashanah","confidence":1.0},{"sentence":"We had an earthquake down by [Aquapco].","originalWord":"Aquapco","proposedWord":"Acapulco","confidence":1.0},{"sentence":"[Zinski] is meeting with people.","originalWord":"Zinski","proposedWord":"Zelenskyy","confidence":1.0}]}``` Look at that.
So, is this Russia here?
Yeah, it's Russia.
Russian oil keeps burning
after Ukraine's drone strikes. So
they're still after their oil.
Lots of fires, lots of oil blowing up
and burning. Is
that
it?
She blames
the United States.
France is blaming America for the
heat wave in France. He said it's
because of our stuff. It's not
China, it's not anybody else. It's
our fault. Which could be
weather manipulation. You know,
I'm teasing. How do you control the sun
to make it hotter in the area? You know,
it's like, well, it's because of you
all. Paris. Isn't that amazing?
It's like these liberal—she has to be
liberal. Is she liberal?
I don't know.
These people
are on some bad weed. They're smoking some
bad stuff.
Come on, man.
Oh, it's a he.
I don't know.
Is it she?
Wait. Paris mayor.
Yeah.
It's a dude. He's
on something. But we'll see.
Are we done?
I don't
know what you're saying. I'm trying to
clear that up. You're talking about
Israel
rejecting the peace something like that.
What were you saying about that?
Netanyahu, you sent it to me in a
text and you said it's a two-state
solution. Yes. And he said, I reject the
two-state solution.
And he was upset about it. And
then we had a 5.4 earthquake
right outside. Netanyahu
rejects two-state solution if reelected.
Now, what was the thing I told you
whenever I saw in the spirit back in
February or January when I was
praying? I saw him being assassinated.
I saw him and I said he
will reject a two-state solution. When
he does this, I saw Mossad take him out.
And I said, Mossad, I even told some
elders this. I said this is
what I saw. He stands out on a balcony
and I saw them taking him out on
a balcony.
It looked like a cabana area. It had
a roof right here
and it had chairs and some palm tree-looking
things.
It looked Mediterranean
where he was standing. He looked like he
was a Mediterranean.
He had a white shirt on. It looked like
a linen shirt. I can tell you what he
was wearing. I can tell you his pants were
tucked in. You would look
real nice like he was maybe relaxing
out on this thing. I don't
want to add to or take away from
anything, but I give you details when I
have details. When I'm able to see a
vision, I can give you a lot of things
whenever the Lord shows me. But he was
standing out on this thing and
the projectile came from the right.
He was facing
towards a certain direction and it came
from this side. It
went out; a projectile went through
him this way,
similar to what I told you about the
prince praying for the prince
of Iran, what's his name?
Reza.
Yeah, I saw they would
eliminate Reza Pahlavi. And this
is these are the people, but can
we stop this? I don't know. I
see in part, but I know
that I saw it and I tell you
because the Lord's telling us for a
reason, for us obviously to pray. He's not
going to tell you something for
giggles.
God does
not speak to hear himself talk.
God speaks to make real things happen in
a real world.
He's speaking
on purpose. Every word he speaks is
weighed heavy.
What is this right here?
We're buying 3.9 billion
euros
for advanced drone technology to strengthen
Ukraine's defense.
So Ursula wants to step in the
fight
and she wants to give 3.9 billion
into the escalate war fund.
They want to
escalate with World War III. Why? Because
the euro is in trouble. I said, when you
see the euro collapse, the dollar's
right behind it. When I saw the euro
collapse, I saw the dollar. It took
time, but the euro fell first
and then the dollar.
So, 3.9 billion for drone
manufacturer. Why? Because war produces
economy
continually.
And then it says the sky was on fire in
Venezuela.
So we had sky and fire in Venezuela.
What caused that?
I don't know.
Interesting.
That looks like apocalyptic.
Very spooky.
It's all over Venezuela. Some
people are saying it's a result of
the earthquake. I
couldn't verify that though, but
it's pretty amazing. It's all red.
In Taiwan,
there's a circle in Taiwan, I guess.
Are we done with all the
news?
I'm going to go over some
things real quick. What's Kamala Harris?
She said she reached out to
men.
What did I say would happen with her? I
saw her standing in the background with
a barrel coming from Hong Kong.
And the Hong Kong was giving it to
the guy that's over Minnesota. And it
was a black barrel that was being bridged
with Google, the man that owns
Google. And I saw a bridge that was
black and it went to the man in
Minnesota. It was a
silver bucket that was a barrel.
And this barrel was being funded and
they were taking pieces of the silver
from this funding and they were giving
it to her. She was
putting on a new suit.
The Lord said new duds. She's putting on
new duds. I saw new beautiful
pearls going down her suit
and the Lord said
rebranding herself. She will rebrand
herself over the next 2 years. She'll
come out and try to run for president
again.
We're
going to start to see this.
The Lord spoke to us and
said, watch this. Now, here we are.
And who is she reaching out to?
She's reaching out to the socialists in
New York. Why did I tell
you I saw a man
being groomed by the devil himself that
had a voice like Obama?
That he would be able to speak and bring
people in with a demonic energy
like Obama.
People liked him; he was able to suck
them in because I saw Satan backing them
with a type of an antichrist spirit.
It's an endowment. It's the same
kind of spirit that was on Hitler.
Hitler
had
a
charismatic energy. The people followed.
Obviously, that little bitty nation was
able to cause a major uproar and kill
how many million Jews?
Millions of them, right? And
then he was going to take over all of
Europe. Then he'll take over all the world.
It's the same kind of spirit,
and that's with the Pergamon altar
and the demonic whenever
they talk about the spirit that went
inside of him.
The Lord showed me Lucifer behind a
new voice for the Democratic party
that will rise up and have charisma.
Now they say, 'Do you want to be President?'No,
he can't. He can't be
because they would
have to amend the Constitution or the
Bill of Rights or whatever it is. I
don't know if it's the Constitution or the
Bill of Rights that says you have to be a
United States citizen to be a president.
It's the
Constitution. So,
you have to amend the Constitution to
allow him to be there. Well, it doesn't
mean he can't step up and start trying
to help these people in. Why? Because
he's a spokesperson.
And so, look what's happening. She's
going to run to him, saying, 'I need your help.
You're helping all these people to get elected.'Why
all of a sudden is it?
Because he has an endowment of demonic
power coming from Satan to help him. How
does the Antichrist do it? It's the
Antichrist spirit.
It's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus Christ is coming. But an
Antichrist is coming, too. You must be
born again. You're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming. The glorious
Church is about to be raptured out of
here, and we're about to see the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before. But we're seeing the
darkness all around us rise up as we, the
Church, should be rising up with a
backbone like a crowbar. Don't allow the
enemy. We sit there and go, 'Well,
he's doing this and that.'I
don't care what he's doing. He's
defeated. But we have to know the
strategic tactics of the enemy.
He doesn't have a new game plan. He
does the same thing that he did because
it worked back then in Hitler's time, and
it'll work again. And I said, 'Watch Emmanuel Macron.
Watch Europe. There's
somebody over Europe, there's somebody
over America, there's somebody over
Australia, and there's somebody over Asia.
Watch these key figures rise up as they
jockey for position. Look at Mark
Carney. Watch Carney. Watch Canada as a
great persecution comes on the church in
Canada. And the Lord said, 'I will bring
forth an olive press over Canada, and
this will bring forth new oil out of
the mouth of the preachers.
You'll see oil come from the mouth
of the preachers, and a new glory will
set in for persecution. For what? The
greater the persecution, the greater the
revival. Watch what He does. For
refining fire will come out of the
persecution, and this will bring forth
great revival in Canada.'I saw an
olive press coming over the people's
mouths. It was brand new oil coming
forth. That's what the Lord
showed us about that. But I got
excited because I know the light
is going to get lighter and the dark is
going to get darker. It's time for
the Church to rise up and be who we're
supposed to be with that backbone like a
crowbar and say, 'No, Satan, thus far
and no further. You're not taking any
more land, especially around me and my
house. As for me and my house, we are
going to serve the Lord.'Even if
they persecute us, even if they do
whatever they think they're going to do
by taking away our freedoms, I'm still going
to yell from the mountaintops,
I'm still going to yell in the valley,
and I'm going to tell everybody that
Jesus Christ loves them and He has a
plan for your life. I
know what they're going to do. I know
what 2028 holds
going into 2030 and the agenda of taking
away freedoms and trying to take away
your First Amendment rights. I told
you I saw a spider, and the spider was
demonic. It looked like a Black Widow.
The Black Widow started weaving a
web around the First Amendment. And the
Lord said, 'It's trying to get to the
Second Amendment, but it can't yet.'I
saw it poking at the Second Amendment. There
was a black line dividing the
First Amendment and the Second
Amendment. And He said, 'Watch this, for
they will take away your right to speak
in the days ahead, especially on these platforms—maybe
not in public, but on
the social media platforms.'So there will be
persecution, but I know what's going to
happen with the Church when that
olive press comes. When
you start poking the giant called
the Church—and it's not just the
Charismatics;
you have to realize God
is
calling all of us. He's going to anoint
all of us—all those who will say, 'Yes.'Catholics, Baptists,
Methodists, Church
of Christ—whoever you are, if you just
say, 'Yes, here am I, Lord. Send me,'God
will pour out His Spirit upon all flesh.
I believe you'll be baptized in the Holy
Ghost by the time it's all over with
because the glory is going to
hit you. You're going to know, just like
the upper room in Acts chapter 2.
Now,
earthquake—the
Lord spoke to us
and said, 'A shaking will take place in
Portland, Oregon. A shaking will take
place in Malibu.'I saw the fault
line from San Francisco all the way up
through Portland, through Seattle, to
British Columbia. In this vision, 30,000 people die—I
saw 30,000 plus
people go home. The Lord said a
major shaking would happen, and I saw it would be just like
Venezuela. I saw the streets split and
great fires breaking out from there
all the way up to Anchorage. I
don't know why there would be fires, but
there were fires everywhere. I still
can't figure that out, but as the Lord
leads, He'll show me more as I pray.
I saw a major
shaking, and the Lord said there's going
to be a great awakening in the shaking
in Portland and Seattle, for corruption
will be uncovered. This is a sign a
major revival is about to take place in
these areas. He has not forgotten
or let go of California. I believe
with all my heart the Hollywood
Hills in California are about to have a major revival—a
major revival
in these areas, for the greater the blue,
the greater the harvest. The greater the
blue, the greater the corruption, the
greater the harvest. So that's what
we're about to see. What are we
seeing out in the water? I say it will
happen out in the water, and a tsunami
wave will come out of this. A volcano
will erupt, and a tsunami will come, and
there'll be aftershocks in Eugene and
all these other places. Look, a 5.4.
I said a lot to say all
that; a 5.4 just happened right where
I told you it would happen. Isn't that
interesting?
In the water. And those are
just
birthing pains. Watch, the big one is
coming to Portland, Oregon right
there. I said it's going to happen right
off the coast. This 5.4 is the Lord
trying to confirm the Word—He's
confirming the
Word, telling you there's a major shaking
coming. I saw it was
bigger than an 8.0
when it happens. Boom. Major eruption.
So we'll keep watching.
So, all you believing believers out
there, you might say, 'Well, Brandon,
that's bad. I live right there.'As
for me and my house, we're protected. A
thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand
at my right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh me. The angels will bear
me up in their hands, lest I dash my
foot against a stone. Why are you
stationed there? Why did the Lord call you
there? Maybe
He's telling you, 'I want you to be there.'Why?
Because you are going to be
the one with the net. Are you ready to
receive? Are you ready to catch them? They're
going to be coming in hot. They're going
to be looking for somebody who is not
running around with their head cut off,
freaking out in the
barnyard. You're going to be the one
saying, 'I have some stability here.'You
know why? Because I have the
Holy Ghost, and he brings peace over me,
and I'm going to show you the way. Jesus
is the way, the truth, and the life.
Right? Next. Are we good?
That's it.
Now, I want to say something.
I had a YouTuber reach out, and
they're Mormons.
They're Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS. And they
had all their people
give $3.33
to Brandon to get him to come to our
platform. We want him to come to the
platform and, I guess, debate religion,
their prophecies of Mormon
belief, or all this stuff.
I appreciate the shout-out. I
appreciate y'all.
But I'm going to address this $3.33. I
don't understand what all
that is about or whatever, just to get my
attention. There were several
hundred people, I believe, who gave
$3.33 trying to get me to come
and debate this man about the Mormon faith.
I'm not
going to do that. I do not debate
religious things.
I'm not doing it. Now, people that
have bigger platforms and are
more... if they feel led to do that, fine.
But I stay in my lane. And this is
where I'm going
to tell you what I saw concerning the
Mormon Church.
The Lord said that he was going to visit
the Mormon Church. And I saw a
splitting of the Mormon Church. I saw a
major splitting of the Mormon Church.
It was not that it would
fall;
this was divided.
These people
and these people, there were these two
different directions. This side over
here went with false doctrine
still. And I'm going to tell you, I
love the Mormon people. You're good
people. But you believe a
false gospel. You have false teaching.
And I'm going to tell you that just
because I feel responsible to
tell you. I do not believe what the
Mormon Church teaches at all.
But I saw a splitting of the church. A
splitting. And the Lord said, 'They are
good people, Brandon. There are
good people in the Mormon Church, in the
LDS, but they have false doctrine.'And
He said to me, 'I'm going to visit them
and I'll manifest myself to them. And
when I do, the glory will come on them
and there will be a major harvest of
souls and revival in the LDS. But,'he
said, 'they will not all receive it and it
will split. They
will stay the same, but they
will start a new branch, a new church
will come out of the LDS, a new church.'And
he said, 'this will be a sign of the
end times, what's about to happen.'And
so I know that probably ticks some
of you off. 'Brandon, why do you hate us?'I
don't hate you, but I'm going to tell
you, I believe the Muslims
are not right. I believe the
Buddhists are not right. The only way to
the Father is through the Lord Jesus
Christ, through the Bible. I don't
believe in Joseph. I don't believe in
all these things. I
think it's false doctrine. I don't
believe it at all. In fact, if you study
your roots out of the LDS and the roots
of how it all started, it's wrong.
Alien, all this stuff is weird.
I don't believe it. But I'm not trying
to be mean to you. It's just my personal
opinion. Now, I won't accept your
offer. I'm not going to
come on there and debate your Mormon
scriptures with what I believe in
the Bible and you want to bounce things
off of me. I don't
mean to be rude to you. I really don't.
You invited me, but I'm addressing it publicly
because I'm not going to email
you. I'm going to just tell you
publicly what I believe about it because
there's a lot of you watching. You tell
me, 'We love you, Brandon.'I love you
too. I pray for you and I pray for the LDS. I
pray for a
great revival. And the Lord said a major
split of the church is about to take
place and a glory is going to come on
the ones. And I saw a remnant of people
splitting and they went off and started
their own. And so they went a
different direction.
And so if you want to receive that,
fine. If you don't, fine. I'm telling
you what I heard and what I
saw. I was driving down the road and
I saw an
LDS church and it was massive and the
Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm going to visit the LDS.'I
said, 'You're going to do what?'He
said, 'Yes, I'm going to bring a
great revival and I'm going to
correct some false
doctrine.'And
I said, 'Okay.'And
that's what came out of it. So whether
you receive that or not, it's what
the Lord said. And so we love you and we
pray for you. Okay? So don't be mad at
me. Don't throw eggs at me and don't
give me any bad emails because that's
where I'm at. So we pray for every one
of you. All right. Next.
'Go over what you saw last time.'No,
I don't want to go over that. Let's
just go ahead and pray today.
I saw a lot in the last video. I saw shaking. I
saw when the Lord... I can say some
of it. I saw the Lord say
he kept calling
for
a repair to prepare the
church for what's about to happen. I saw
a day of sternness, a day of judgment, a
day of correction is what he called it.
He said, 'This is not true judgment, what's
about to take place.'He said to me,
'This is not true
judgment, Brandon. True judgment is
separation from me for
eternity.'And
I thought that was
interesting because that's the true
heart of God. You think you go
through hard times and you have a hard
day, that that's judgment. Judgment is
whenever there's no more
opportunity to repent.
It's over. And you're standing in the
pit of hell and you're going, 'I wish I
could have some water to quench my
thirst.'There's
even...
I don't remember where it was in the
Bible where it talks about that and even Reinhard Bonnke
talked about that and it
sent back the witness and
that man was raised from the dead at Reinhard Bonnke's
meeting. If I can remember
where it was in scripture, I apologize.
But it even talks
about it in the Bible. And so I know in
my heart
what the Lord was trying to prepare his
church for was a great shaking to awaken
to bring the bride to his side. There's
a major event about to happen. And he
kept saying, 'Me,
my, mine.'It was a selfish
attitude. The wealth transfer. He
talked about the wealth
transfer today, this morning, early this
morning. And he was saying to me,
'Brandon,
to be a money magnet.'You say, 'Well,
Brandon, you believe in all this stuff.'I
believe there's a wealth transfer
coming to the ones that have the right
attitude towards it. That money is not
your god. The money is a tool.
Money is a tool. And when there's so
many people and so much perversion
with it, the Lord shows me
that if you don't control it and it
controls you, there's a problem.
How does he get it through you?
Are you able to be a funnel?
And that's why I believe a lot of people
are off when it comes to the
prosperity and the end-time
harvest and all this stuff like
that because there's a lot of people who
are a dam. They're not a river. They
hoard and they won't allow the Lord to
use them. They won't allow it because it's
'my, my, me.''Hey,
I want you to help them out. Hey, I
want you to do this.'You know, 'my, my, mine.'And
that's what the Lord was
saying, to correct this. There has to be...
you have to be a flow. You have to be a
river.
'Hey, we need the youth building built.
Would you write a check to help pay for
that youth building?''No,
I really don't
think I want to do that.'But I really
need that youth building.
I need you to be obedient whenever I ask
you to build something and I ask you to
do something and there's no delay. Fund it. Help them. Help this, help that.
I don't know about that.
Then you're not a candidate
for the wealth transfer.
If God can't get it through you, he
won't get it to you.
Because he needs this. We are his
workmanship, created in Christ Jesus. We
are the end-time hands. We are his feet.
We are his body, and we move and we do
things with him.
And he speaks to people's hearts. And
he said, 'I'm flipping the
status quo.
I'm changing the script,
for the wealth of the wicked is laid up
for the righteous, and I'm bringing it
to my body, the ones that will lay hold
of it.'And I'm flipping the script,
Brandon.
I didn't even know what he meant by it.
I don't even know what
that means. I had to ask Diana to
look it up for me. 'I'm flipping the
script. Be a money magnet.'I
said, 'Oh, Lord, be a money...'He said,
'If you are embarrassed of what I'm
about to bring through to you, I'll
try to get it through you, but you can't
be embarrassed of it. You can't be. You
can't act this way.
I will bless those that bless you, and I
will curse those that curse you, just
like I told you I would do for Israel. I
will put a blessing on you, and I will
increase your household. I will
increase the fruit of your hands.
Yield to the anointing of prosperity and
wealth, and I will bless your hands
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think'is what he warned
me about today. But he said, 'If you're
embarrassed of it, do you
know what happens with
magnets?
One is attracted and the other
is attracted, but if you
flip it, they repel each other.'He
said that's what happens whenever
certain Christians act the way they do
about the wealth. He said you can either
be a money magnet or you can repel
it. But he said it's to get it to you so
I can get it through you
so that you can be a blessing to those
that need a church built in Africa, or a
well, or whatever.
People go, 'Why can't
God... why does God have to do that?'Because
it's the end times and it takes
much to get the job done. I know
whenever we had the church we worked
for for a while, like I said, when the
bills came in and the electric bill was
over $17,000 in July, people don't
realize how much it costs for a little
church of that size, 8,000 people on a
weekend.
And people go, 'Whoa, I just can't
wrap my mind around it.'Yeah, because you
have poverty thinking and you've got to
change your stinking thinking. And
the Lord said, 'Change your mindset
concerning the wealth transfer.'And
it's not a 'me, me, my, my'mind.
That's what the video was about
last time.
He said, 'I'm done with
it.
Break it off.
I've given you the power to get wealth.'And
he said to me, 'I'll give
you creative ideas to bring it in. And
it's not about greed. It's about growth.
It's about experiencing
the supernatural in your life when it
comes to flipping the script from the
wealth of the sinner laid up for the
righteous.'He
said, 'If Elon Musk can be the
richest man in the world and be the
first trillionaire
and the church is begging for youth
buildings, saying, 'Well, Lord, I've
got to
have $20 million for a youth building.
We
don't have enough. We need
more,'the
church is going, 'Well,
we have to have a chicken fry or a
fundraiser. Maybe we'll have some cookie
sales.'He
said, 'Brandon, we don't have time
for cookie sales.
We don't have time to have a car wash.'He
said, 'I will speak to you and give
you the secret things, the hidden things
in the darkness.
I'll give you the secret
things,
the hidden
treasures,'because
he wants to establish his
covenant with you.
And people don't want to hear it in
the body of Christ anymore. And the Lord
said, 'Because we have some
preachers, they say, 'Well, they
abused it. They've got this, they've got that.'Well,
I
don't criticize people. They've got the brand-new jet, they've
got this, they've got that, and
you know
what? That's between them and God. I'm
not here to judge. I'm not here
to pick. The Lord said, 'If you attack it,
it's like having a
magnet flipped and you'll
repel it instead of attract it. Be a
money magnet.'And the Lord said,
'Have a mindset of blessing, not of
curse.'Poverty
is a curse. I will give you
those, Isaiah 45:3. This is what I stand
on for my family. The Lord said, 'Find
scriptures that pertain to what you're
believing me for, and I'll bring it to
pass if you abide in me and my words
remain in you. You will ask what you
will, and it shall be done for you.'That's
what the Bible says. So, I stand
on Isaiah 45:3. I quote this now. I
messed it up a second ago. You said,
'Well, Brandon, you don't know it.'That's
right. I need to know it
more. You know what?
There's a treasure. It's called a
treasure trove. This is the Bible, and there are
all kinds of treasures in here.
You just find them and you find
scriptures that pertain to what you're
believing for and you put it to your
life. You've got to memorize it, but
there's a whole bunch to memorize in
here.
Some of the elders
probably forgot more scriptures than I
know. So Isaiah 45:3: 'I will give you
hidden treasures, riches stored in
secret places so that you may know that
I am the Lord, the God of Israel, who
summons you by name.'So I just put my
name in there.
I'm not putting Israel in
there, I'm putting Brandon Biggs. Why? 'I
will give you the hidden treasures,
riches stored in secret places so that
you may know that I am the Lord, the God
of Brandon Biggs, who summoned you by name.'Put
your name and make it personal
to you.
'Well, Brandon, I just don't know about
all that.'Well, then you just stay there
where you are. But I believe with all my
heart that he said, 'I will give you this,'and
I'm going to
stand on it and I'm going to believe it.
Why? So we can fund the churches. We can
do what God's called us to do. I'm ready
to get out of here, not by death, but by
the Rapture. And the only way we're
going to get this job done is to have
the wealth transfer. He said, 'I'm
flipping the script.
I'm changing the status quo.'What
was normal
is going to be not normal anymore.
'I'm going to bring the wealth of the
sinner laid up for the righteous and I'm
going to give you whatever you need to
get the job done so that we can get out
of here.'Because he said to me, 'I'm not
waiting; you're not waiting on me
anymore. I'm waiting on you. Bring
in my precious
fruit.'I
have long patience for the harvest. Do you have it? Not yet. The Lord has long
patience. He waits for the harvest. What
are we waiting on? Why has the
Rapture not happened? Why has the church
not seen what we're supposed to see like
we should?
The Lord showed me.
Why have we not seen him return yet?
James 5:7. That's why.
Are you sure that's the right one?
Our computer is slow sometimes.
James 5:7.
Yes.
Okay, ready? Read: 'Be patient then, brothers
and sisters, until the Lord's
coming.
See how the farmer waits for the land to
yield its valuable crop, patiently
waiting for the autumn and the spring rains.'That's
not the right
one.
The Lord has long patience, son,
for his harvest. It might be down
more.
You also be patient, establishing your
heart, for the coming of the Lord is at
hand. I still like that one; it's still
a good one. But he has long patience
waiting for the harvest, as the
Bible says. My son's trying to find
it, but that's all right. I throw these
things at him and I throw him off.
He's trying to find it. He's a
researcher. But we know it's
there. So we know that God said,
'You're not waiting on me. I'm waiting on
you. Bring in my harvest. Bring in my
vast fruit, and I'll come and get you.'I
saw Jesus standing underneath the chuppah.
I saw Jesus standing underneath
it, and he was a flame of fire. And I saw
this beautiful canopy
that was carved out of olive wood. There were
the most beautiful olive leaves and
beautiful stuff on this, and Jesus was
standing there, and it was all lacquered,
and it was beautiful, and he was
ready for the wedding feast.
But he's waiting for us. He's waiting on
his bride, and the bride prepares
herself. Like it says in Revelation, the
bride is preparing herself.
Are you preparing yourself for the
coming of the Lord? And part of it is
he's leaving the ninety-nine right now to go
after the one. He's leaving the ninety-nine in
Africa. He's leaving for the one. He
knows the great harvest is here.
Where are you? Did you find it?
I think
King James is fine.
Be patient.
If you can't find it, son, that's fine;
we'll do it next time.
There it is. Is that it?
Yes: 'Be patient therefore,
brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman
waiteth for
the precious fruit of the earth and hath
long patience for it until he receives
the early and the latter rain.'That's
James 5:7. You had it up there, right?
It was just a bad translation.
Yes.
So he has long patience.
What is he waiting on? Well, he's
waiting on us. We're praying for revival,
and God's saying, 'Get out there and
bring them in.'And so the only thing
that's going to get this done is the
anointing that destroys every burden and
removes every yoke. The anointing sets
the captives free—the Holy Ghost and
fire. And I'm telling you, watch what
the anointing does when it comes through
you. People have bondage and everything.
When the anointing comes on the scene,
it sets the captives free, and he dwells.
We are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. And
when we are living with him flowing
through us,
it breaks every yoke.
It takes the chains off
people. But when you are lukewarm
and you don't have that backbone
like a crowbar, we're in trouble. And we've
got to get out there and know who we
are in Christ, for one, by spending time
with him in the closet and stop sitting
by idly and thinking, 'Well, it's our
pastor's job to get it done.'You know,
it's Pastor Chip and Pastor Candace's
job. That's our pastors
at Glorious Church. You go, 'Well,
it's on them, the Brims. It's all the Brims'problem.
It's Brandon's problem.
He has to bring it in. It's not mine.
I'm going to sit back and just do what I
want to do.'No,
he's waiting on you.
The harvest is plentiful and
the laborers are few. So going back to the
blessing, the harvest is
going to take funding, and the end-time
outpouring takes funding.
People are small-minded.
So we're going to enlarge
our territory
today. I forget we're not in
nighttime.
I did a video earlier today,
so we're not at nighttime,
because usually I'm on at like
nine o'clock at night, but I wanted to
do something different. I get tired of
being in a rut. I told Diana I'm going to do
something different. I'm going to go on
in the mornings and see what happens.
They say they like it.
You like the morning? I think
nighttime gets... I've been doing it
for three years.
After a while it just kind of gets old.
So I thought, well, let's do some
mornings for a little bit and see.
New faces. Maybe
some of you will be
upset: 'Brandon, why'd you do that?'Well, because
I get bored; I like to do
something different.
So let's take communion together. I'm
trying to give you something to put
in your Holy Ghost slingshot. You've
got to have some scripture to throw at
the devil today whenever he comes to you
and tells you you're barely going to
make it, you're never going to have
enough, you're never going to get by.
God doesn't have a plan for your life.
This is what he says about you:
'I believe what the Father says about me.
I can have what the Father says I can
have. I can do what the Bible says I can do.'I
will not sit back idly by and
allow the devil to wreak havoc in my
life. Either you stand up for what you
believe in and have that backbone like
Brother Hagin used to say—have a
backbone like a crowbar. Either you have
that and you take dominion and authority,
or the devil's going to do it, and I'm
not going to allow him to do it on my
watch. I'm going to do the best I can
until the Lord takes me home, either by
the graveside or by rapture, and I'm
going to fight the good fight of faith.
And when I get on the other side, he's
going to say, 'Well done, thou good and
faithful servant. Enter into my rest.'But
at least I can say I did everything
I had to try to bring in the lost.
And even if it's sitting here
on a couch with a green screen and
talking to you on a camera just to tell
you Jesus Christ loves you and he has a
plan for your life.
So I'm excited to be here today, and I'm
thankful that you showed up this
morning. So I want you to believe God
for big. Take off the limitations to
what you're believing God for. Take off
the limitation. Don't limit God in your
ability to believe him for more. Say,
'Hey God, I believe. I
receive everything that you have for
me. I will lack no good thing.
I will lack no good thing.'Why? Because he has
more than enough.
You are more than enough.
Deuteronomy 8:18:
'But remember the Lord your God, for it
is he who gives you the ability to
produce wealth and to confirm his
covenant which he swore to your
ancestors, as it is today.'He gives the
ability to get it. He wants to confirm
his covenant. Do you know I have a
covenant with my wife? What's mine is
hers and what's hers is mine.
We don't keep any secrets from each
other. We
don't hold secrets from each
other.
Whatever is hers is mine; mine is hers,
right? We don't have separate bank
accounts. We don't have separate
bedrooms. We are together. We have
a covenant. And when you have a covenant
with God, everything that God has in his
treasury department is yours. You're his
ambassador.
And what kind of an ambassador would
you be if you were in America and you
went as an ambassador—Marco Rubio—and
you show up in the nation and you look
broke?
What kind of
kingdom are you working for?
And if Marco Rubio represented the
United States of America and he showed
up in Iraq or whatever and he had holes
in his suit, had nasty breath, hair
looking all funky, and you look at him
going, 'His
shoes look bad, bad B.O.; he stinks.
He hasn't taken a bath in a couple days.'Would
you want to fire him?
I'd be like, 'You
need to find somewhere else
to work, sir.'Why? Because you're
representing us.
So Marco
Rubio represents us as American
citizens. And he goes on behalf of
America.
We represent the Father.
We're his ambassadors. And he put us in
this earth. And he looks at us and says, 'Represent
me well, son.'So
you show up and you got holes all on
your clothes and you're dirty and you don't
take a bath. Your breath stank. You
stink real bad and you're going, "I come
for Jesus."He wants you to represent
Him well.
And he corrects me all the time about my
clothes. He said, "Brandon,
you need to look nice for me.
Don't wear that ever again. Throw
those in the trash."I say, "Okay. Don't
wear those shoes like that ever
again."Why?
Because you represent him.
Be ye imitators of God as
children imitate their father. Imitate
God. Be imitators of God as dear
children imitate their father. So you
imitate him. How are you
going to imitate him if you look broke, busted,
and disgusted? So people get
upset about blessing and increase and
prosperity. But the Lord said, "On earth as
it is in heaven."And if you're broke in
heaven, you're going to be broke on earth,
right? But he has streets of gold.
He has mansions. He has everything
up there for you to live exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think. And as on earth as it is in
heaven. And people get upset about it
all the time. But you can't get
mad at the blessing on
somebody's life when they believe God
for it. Scriptures say, "On
earth as it is in heaven."Believe
me for more.
And I said, "Okay, represent me well. Be
my ambassador."What's
that look like?
If Marco Rubio showed up that way,
would you be upset at him? And that's
why people get upset about it and
they go, "Well, I don't think prosperity is for you."Why?
Because the devil has
snared you and he has a wrap around your
mind that Kim Kardashian and all
these others can have it, and Elon Musk
and all these.
It's okay for them to be blessed.
They work for it. They did their social
media. They did all their stuff.
So, they can be blessed.
But the church, when God
gives you a creative idea through a
dream
and you're dreaming and you wake up and
you say,
"Was that you, Lord?
You just gave me a
supernatural dream."I don't tell you how
many times it happens to Diana and
she'll sit there and she'll wake up and
she has her
recorder and she records her
dreams and the Lord will speak to her
and we go over the dream when the Lord
gives us something in the middle of the night.
And it's a creative idea to get
wealth. It's an idea to
invest.
And he'll speak to you if you fill your
mouth with good things.
Fill your head with the Bible instead of
social media trash.
Renew your mind to the word of God. And
when you renew your mind to the
word of God, it will change you from the
inside out, ladies and gentlemen.
But you have to renew your mind.
The word is a lamp unto my feet and
a light unto my path. I will hide it in
my heart that I might not sin against
him. I'm going to
put this word down inside of me
and it will change you from the inside
out. This is a blessing book,
not a curse book.
It's an overflow book.
This is God speaking
to you.
The word will become alive inside of
you. It doesn't die. It will change you
from the inside out. I'm telling you.
"Well, I don't want to hear that."Well,
then you're on the wrong channel.
So, I want to encourage you
today. I don't know why, but the Lord
said come on earlier, and he wanted me
to say what I just said. So, if you want
to hear it, fine. If you don't, fine.
I'm going to be a believing
believer that stands for what God wants,
and I'm going to fight for it. Even if
you're not here, I'm going to
do it. And I said, I'm going
back to what I was when I was sitting in
front of the laundry room and I'd sit
in front of the dryer and I'd pray and
ask God for hours and hours sitting
there cleaning up dog feces and doing
all the things when I had puppies and
praying over those puppies to sell and
say, "God, will you bring a buyer for my dog?"And
he said, "When you sell the
dog, I want you to invest it over here.
I want you to do this and I will
increase you."Okay.
And the dog dies and you're going,
"God, I got this dog and I'm believing
God for you to sell it. Now it's dead."He
said, "speak to it and tell it to get up."So
I have a dead dog in my hand. Rigor
mortis set in, stiff as a
board. I said, "In the name of Jesus,
get up."And he said, "Breathe on it."I breathed on it
and it got up from the
dead.
And people go, "I don't believe it."I
don't care what you believe. It
happened. My son was there.
Fire of God went out of my hand and
raised that dog from the dead right
there.
It's happened multiple times.
More than once. But the Lord's good. And
He said, "Whatever you put your hands
to, I will prosper."And I speak to the
dead dog. I said, "Get up in the name of Jesus,"and
the dog got up. And I was
able to sell it.
It provided.
They didn't even know they got a dog
raised from the dead. I
took it to the vet after; everything is
good. I said, "You don't see nothing
wrong, doc?"He goes, "No."He goes, "Am
I supposed to?"I said, "Yeah, that dog
was dead.
The Lord
brought it back."People
don't know what to say.
They think you're crazy. But it
happened. My son was there.
The fire of God will bring
back the dead.
How dead is dead in your
life? God will bring back the dead in
your life. It doesn't matter how dead it
is. Your finances could be dead. Your
marriage could be dead. But there's a
resurrection anointing on the inside of
you. And the moment you touch it by
faith and you believe and you speak to
the mountain, it will be removed and it
will be cast into the sea. If you don't
doubt in your heart, you shall have
whatsoever things you say. But you've
got to be a believing believer that
believes and not doubts what God said he
would do for you.
So, hallelujah. So, let's take
Communion. This is relationship. This
is not some kind of religious act.
This is relationship. And I try to
tell you that over and over
again. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
all what you've done for me. And I take
this body in the name of Jesus, and I
give you glory, honor, and praise that
you are able to do exceedingly
abundantly above all that I dare ask or
think. You're a healing God. You're a
delivering God. You set the captives
free, healed, and whole and well in the
name of Jesus. And I am more than a
conqueror through him who is
in Christ Jesus. I
believe it in Jesus'name.
And we take this body and we give you
all the glory, honor, and praise for it
in Jesus'name. What did he do for you?
Jesus healed you. He made you whole. You
just got to receive it by faith. I
receive it. Say, "I receive it. I'm a
believing believer, not a doubter."Have I gone
over an hour?
I talk way too long.
Well, hopefully you got something out of
it. Father, I plead the blood of Jesus
over this time. And I thank you Father
that we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us and we cover ourselves
in the blood in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you Lord as we say,
"Father, if you want to show us anything,
we yield ourselves to the anointing of the
watcher, the prophet,"and we thank you
Lord that we are yielded to you, filled
with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you Lord that the
anointing of the Holy Ghost dwells on
the inside of us. And Father, if
you want to show us anything where
we see that which is to come. And if
not, that's okay.
We are
yielded to you and we give you all the
glory, Father, for what you're going to
do in this time. In Jesus'name, we plead
the blood. Amen.
Now, Satan, you're under our feet.
We have dominion and authority over you.
And we thank you, Father, for this
prayer time. We pray for our nation.
Father, we worship you.
Who wants to go tubing? Put it
in the comment section if you want to go
tubing. We're going to go pray
now and
see what the Lord wants to show us, if he
wants to show us anything. And if not,
that's all right. We're just going to
pray anyway. So, Father, we lift up this
nation before you. We pray
over the Fourth of July. We cover
our president right now in the name
of Jesus. We speak to his life. We speak
to his mind. We thank you, Lord, that with
long life you'll satisfy him and show
him your salvation. I thank you, Lord,
that President Trump will get the job
done,
that he'll take no counsel from the
ungodly. We apply the blood of Jesus
over his mind in the name of Jesus. We
take authority over Alzheimer's,
dementia, strokes, heart
attacks, and all kinds of things that
attack his flesh. We thank you,
Lord, that he will live long and finish
strong.
Father,
give him new energy and new wind in his
sails. He needs a new wind. I hear a new wind
is
coming, sir.
Get
strength
in his bones.
We call healing over his bones:
strength in his
ankles, knees,
hips,
elbows, and his joints.
I see Marco
Rubio. I see the American flag in Marco
Rubio.
I see Marco Rubio with a flag on the
inside of him. The flag is waving. It's
not sitting idly;
it's moving inside of Marco
Rubio.
And it's taking over Cuba. I
see the Cuban flag moving,
and America is merging with Cuba.
America will merge with Cuba.
I see America's flag merging with
Cuba. And as the
stripes of the American flag—not
the stars part, but the
stripes of the red and the white—are
grabbing hold of Cuba's flag and pulling
it, it's merging into one. Half of
Cuba's flag is starting to transfer into
the stripes. Why would it be the
stripes? What do the stripes represent?
All over Havana,
tell me what it means. The 13
stripes of the US flag represent the
original 13 colonies that declared
independence from Great Britain in 1776
and became the first.
I know, but why are they red and why are
they white?
Yes, red stands for hardiness and courage,
while it signifies purity and innocence.
Amen.
It's coded.
Okay, I'm going to Colombia.
We're praying for the
man that's about to take over—the
president who just won
over Colombia. We got to pray over this
man's health. We got to pray over him.
No attacks.
Alberto. Father, we cover Alberto in the
name of Jesus that he will finish his
job. He will start his job. Father,
that they will not take him out before
he even gets sworn in.
Silence the enemy within.
What a friend we have in Jesus;
he's going to need a
friend. I heard
the Lord say he needs a friend and
the
right people around him to rightly
divide for the country concerning
the cartel. There
are
many evil people
within concerning this man. He needs a
friend whom he can trust. There are
many evil people within the walls
of the government that were placed there
by the cartel. They're in there,
paid off, and the police force. I see
captains of the police
force of your country, of this nation.
There are people in your police force
that are paid off by the cartel,
and you'll have to learn who you can
trust and who you can't. You need a
friend.
What a friend we
have in Jesus,
all our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
everything
to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit!
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
all
because we do not
carry
everything to God in prayer!
What a friend we have in Jesus,
all our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
everything to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit!
Oh, what a needless pain
we bear,
all
because we do not carry
everything
to God in prayer!
It's a place of rest. He needs a friend.
I see a group of men surrounding him
and we pray over him, Father, that he
would remain strong and that they not
take his life.
It's because of a
corrupt police force, corrupt people
in the government.
The Lord says it's much more corrupt than
you realize.
He has a great opportunity, but it's
50/50 with this man. It's 50/50 with the
compromise that would try to set in his
heart.
The
Lord says concerning this man,
there's compromise and there's purity.
It sways more toward compromise than it does toward
purity. It depends
on how the church prays for him.
The church of that area, cover
your leader in prayer.
We thank you, Lord, for
angels'aid
and assistance over this man.
This is just the beginning,
for I'm putting key, select leaders in
positions around these nations, around
this continent,
to bring in a Latino harvest.
Okay,
David,
breakthrough.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
I see key pockets of prayer groups
throughout this nation—just a
couple in folding chairs—and
they're praying. And the Lord said,
'You are doing much good
as you pray.'You say, 'Well, I don't
see any fruit of what we're praying,'but
you're doing much good. It's
small groups, small pockets of prayer
warriors concerning this man.
This is to make or break his
term.
Prayer must be a
foundation, for he will hold the church
accountable in that nation.
It's the same thing with Putin.
How you pray over
Putin—the
church in Russia,
much prayer for Putin.
For the king's
heart is in the hands of the Lord.
The heart of the leader is in the hand
of the Lord.
And the church is praying.
We got to go
deeper. We got to go to the bottom of
this well today.
The Lord said, 'I have much more to
show you
today.'We
pray over Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, and Kai. We pray over the granddaughter.
We pray
a covering around and about
these children that no weapon formed
against them would prosper. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall
fall at their side and 10,000 at their
right hand, but nothing shall come nigh
them. We put a bloodline around
Trump's kids and his granddaughter
for the Fourth of July,
for this week.
I pray
over the French Quarter. Every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across this
land, I command it to be uncovered in
the name of Jesus by the FBI,
Homeland Security,
local law enforcement, sheriff's departments,
highway patrol, and the
NSA.
We call for an uncovering
of all the hidden secret things in the
name of Jesus.
Did Mexico win? There are
so many different veins, so many
things I could pray over. Lord,
I'm trying to find the right one because
I'm presented with a spiritual
highway and I see lots of different
lights. I could go down each one of
these because there's so many things
that are pressing and imminent. There are
tubes and I'm standing
in a profile line of all these tubes
that are so significant of where we are
right now. And Lord, this
is a spiritual highway.
Do you see it? Do you see what I'm
talking about?
It's very important concerning Mexico.
It's the blue,
it's the green and white jerseys.
I've seen something. So, I'm
just going to—I
just have to... Holy
Spirit, which tube do you want me to go
down?
I'm on a wall and I could see
each one of these lights, but every one
of them was a sphere of light you
could go down for prayer. And the Lord
said, "I have many things for you to
see."Do
you want me to describe something to
you? When I got up to it—do you know,
like whenever you're scrolling
and you see TV—I saw each one of them
like you would see a clip
and I can pause it and I can freeze
it. They look like YouTube videos and
every single one of them were turning on
this YouTube highway. It looked like that, but
it's a spiritual highway of all these
different incidents of light.
Each one of them represented something
very important and
significant of catastrophic events
concerning an oil spill, another BP-like
oil spill in the Gulf. I see
another kind of disruption with an
oil derrick in the Gulf.
It's sabotage. I hear
sabotage is coming on the oil derrick.
There's a sabotage event that's trying
to manifest and to poison the water in
the Gulf of America to
disrupt America's oil.
I see our refineries. I see
fires in the refineries in New Orleans and in
Houston. Major oil
refinery fires.
There's a tube here, and I see a
disruption in oil trying to sabotage our
oil because of what happened in Iran.
I see this as an enemy within.
Pray over our grid and our
railroads. I hear
railroads for railroad cars. Derailment
of railroad cars with devices on the
tracks to overthrow the cars. I see
these things coming out of the
Southwest.
So
it'll be right down here:
Alabama,
Mississippi,
Louisiana, and
Texas.
This is what I'm talking about for the
railroad. There's something with the
railroad substations
for your electric grid.
Substations are still a hot button.
This is part of it.
The vision's
faded; it's not as
clear, but I still see it. And it's
concerning the Mississippi River.
There's something with the
waterway and plants on the
Mississippi River. Do you remember the
people in the canoes? They
were like boats, they looked like pontoon
boats going down the Mississippi. They looked
like they were trying to do
something with fishing, but
they were scouts. These were casing like
scouts to find places of terrorism
concerning the enemy within our nation
on the Mississippi.
And this is concerning the
Mexico soccer team.
I keep telling
you: the white and the green jerseys.
The Lord
said,
"Why do people act crazy when it comes to
sports and they want to hurt each
other after they lose or they
win?"I
just don't understand. It's a spirit
behind it.
Protection
over the crowds.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Every plot and
every plan for
mass casualties is brought
to justice and brought out before it
happens.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our
Homeland Security and our FBI. No weapon
formed against these people will prosper.
We pray over Boston.
I see the cross on the building again,
a major Red Cross
hospital in Boston.
It's a target.
I see a Red Cross
on a white
building.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land, we say you will not
happen in the name of Jesus. We plead
the blood over our hospitals,
our churches, and
our
schools. We plead the
blood over our children's schools. No
weapon formed against them will prosper.
This is concerning when school starts
back up. I see children with backpacks
on.
I see
a little girl with pigtails and a
pink backpack on
walking in, holding the
teacher's hand.
This is for an elementary
school.
These are not older kids; these are
elementary
children. We
apply the blood of Jesus over our
children. Every plot and every plan across
this land to mess with our children,
we cover them in
the blood. No weapon formed against our
children will prosper.
Every plot, every plan, even in the
parades across this land concerning the
250th anniversary in D.C. We cover the
parade in the name of Jesus.
Even in Hawaii,
in Honolulu,
we pray over this area.
It's the main strip there with the
people. We pray over
these mass events and fireworks shows.
We pray over every
planned attack. We
thank you, Lord.
We call confusion in
the enemy's camp. You will not kill,
steal, and destroy.
This is so serious.
Now I'm parked right here. I
see Hawaii. A very strong pulse in Hawaii.
We pray over
Hawaii.
All
the
way
from Hawaii
to Maine,
all the way across, we call peace over
our nation in the name of Jesus. Every
plot, every plan, everything that would
cause to kill, steal, and destroy across
this land, we call you uncovered in the
name of Jesus.
From the coast all the way to Canada, we
call a covering in the name of Jesus.
Give our FBI and our homeland security
supernatural discernment on which is a
real threat and which is not. For the
distraction over 9/11.
I hear for a distraction again over 9/11,
and it's Boston for a
distraction
over 9/11.
A distraction
over 9/11,
and it's in New Orleans for
a distraction
over
9/11.
I see
Nashville, Tennessee;
Boston; and New Orleans.
It's something that makes your stomach
feel sick.
It's
multiple plots
over New York.
I see long white cargo vans.
Hey,
Grandma.
This is interesting.
I see golden rods coming out of it with
a snake riding upon the golden rod.
I see a golden rod with a golden snake
that looks like one of those old
dragons on a
Chinese thing. It's an old-looking
dragon that comes upon a golden rod
that's twisted like a snake,
and the snake is riding upon a
golden rod that looks like a Chinese
serpent—Asian,
like those Asian-looking serpents
with the old-looking dragon
face. It's riding upon a golden rod and
it's thin.
It's coming out of it.
Where do most of
your fireworks come from?
As I see it, it goes off and there are
yellow golden fireworks coming
off of these golden rods. I see
golden rod snakes coming off of golden
fireworks.
What does that
mean, Lord?
What does this mean? What are we praying
on? The golden rods, the golden snakes
coming off these rods of fireworks. They
look like fireworks. And then you say,
'Where do they come from?
What is this about?'And
the white vans. The white vans.
Food.
Power,
Brother
Lamb.
I see distractions.
Distractions will come. It's
about 9-1-1. Do you hear me? The
distractions are
not the main thing.
It's a distraction from a main thing.
They want a distraction, a
decoy, like a deterrent.
They want to deter you from what they're
truly trying to do. And the distractions
will come. They want a distraction to
deter you from what they're trying to
do.
Because whenever the 9-1-1 comes over here
and the police all go there, the distraction—it's
like whenever you get
them all over there, they rob the bank.
You see what I'm saying?
It's like you've got to get all the police
on this side so we can do what we are
really trying to do over here.
It's a sleight of hand. We want
to get you over here because we really want to attack this
over here. But
if we could pull all the police over
here, it's a distraction.
A 9-1-1
distraction.
The Lord said, 'Good job.'That's it. It's a distraction. The Lord said, 'Good. We did it. I put
the outcome.'That's it. I
love you, Father.
You prayed it out. He said, 'You
prayed it out. You're praying it out.'I
hear him. Jesus is encouraging me.
He's my friend.
He said, 'You're praying it out. You're
praying it out.'It's a
distraction to see the enemy. See, Jesus
comes that we might have life and life
more abundantly. The enemy comes to
kill, steal, and destroy. God's a good
God. The devil's a bad devil. And
that's what you're
praying out. He shows you as you
pray. Holy Spirit, we're co-laborers
with him. We're
co-laborers.
And there's a python coming out of it.
It looks like—it's not a python, it's
an anaconda.
It's an anaconda coming out of this. An
anaconda.
We're just going to settle in
here. I don't have anywhere
to be right now. So,
we have much to pray over here,
y'all. And so, we're just going to keep
hitting this river until I feel release.
I'm not going to worry about any
time. So, if you've got to go to
work, do whatever, that's fine. But this
is very serious concerning our nation.
Okay?
Will you dump my coffee in another cup?
I see our stadiums,
baseball stadiums. New York.
I hear New York, New York, New York.
Even going into October,
we pray over New York. The Yankees.
The New York Yankees.
I see Judge.
Judge's
safety. The safeties,
with Boston. Boston
Red Sox.
Thank you.
I'm good.
Amen.
That's the one I was looking for.
I see Boston. I see
New York. What do the
baseball teams have to do
with the baseball?
I see the stadiums. I see the lights on.
It's at night.
Pray
over the people. Keep praying over mass
gatherings, major gatherings, transit—the
transit, subways,
mass commute
subways. Father, we thank you, Lord. Our
subways,
New York subways.
We thank you, Lord. Every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across this
land from New Orleans all the way to
Boston,
uncovered.
Distractions uncovered
from the main event.
I hear they're
already on high alert.
The local law, sheriff's departments
are on high alert, and they know this.
Because they're on high alert,
they're looking over here as the
distraction comes over here to try to
deter them from the main event. Do you
understand?
And so I see this, but
it's over here.
And this over here is mass casualties.
This over here is just a few. The
distraction's still something, but it's
the main event.
It's the distractions. We
pray over our facilities,
our water facilities, our major
infrastructure facilities. We pray over
our electric grid. We pray over our
local sheriff's departments. They're
smarter than this.
Have great discernment.
FBI, have great discernment.
Pray over the White House.
We pray over the White House, over
the parades, over the massive
gatherings.
We pray over every drone to fall out of
the sky—the
drones, the bad drones.
We pray against their jammers
trying to be jammers against
their
stuff to knock them down, having a force
field. We pray against their force
fields,
against our jammers. Does that make
sense?
They have force fields. I see a force
field. It looks like a bubble around a
drone. And the bubble is producing a
thin membrane around the drone. And the
drone is flying freely with the force
field. The force field protects the
drone.
We pray against confusion in their force
fields with their drones. The membrane—it's a membrane
of electric pulse.
There's a membrane on this drone that's
flying with an electric force field.
It looks like
static electricity is protecting the
drone, and it's
a thin layer.
It's a thin layer of security.
The Lord said this is a drone with thin
layer security. That is a
force field that is electric.
It looks electric. You know, like
when you touch one of those science
balls and it sends
electricity on your fingers?
A
plasma ball. A
plasma ball. It looks like a plasma ball
around this drone. And as
it's being attacked, it sends these
electric pulses that look
like—say
you're shooting at it this way,
trying to knock it down.
When that beam hits it, it sends an
electrical shock up there and it
protects it with the force field. That
is a bubble.
I see a bubble around these drones.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you cause
confusion in the drones,
that we're smarter than their defense.
We're smarter than their defense. The
Lord said it's
a code. Their defense is a code.
It is a cryptic code.
I hear this. The Lord said their defense
for their drone bubble is a cryptic
code. It's a mathematical equation.
Whatever that means,
it's very clear. I hear this. It's a
cryptic code,
a mathematical number. It's
internet code. It
is moving in that circle around
these drones. They plan to do something
with drones.
It has a white thing
at the base of a drone. There's a
limb
and
spinners on this drone. There's a
white payload. The Lord said it's a payload—a
white payload that is a box
on the bottom of a drone. It's a
white payload and it has a ball. It's a
ball of energy that is
a jammer, a frequency
jammer.
The Lord said it's a frequency jammer.
This is what they want to use.
It's
a pretty good size; I
don't know how to even describe that
size.
Lord, help me.
Some of them even have a firearm on
them. They look like they have a
firearm on them, but it's not like a
normal firearm like a 9mm or a.45.
This looks like a
firearm that has a barrel on it, but
it's actually made
differently.
It's a firearm that I've never seen
before.
It actually looks like a cannon, with
a little round bullet and
a barrel, but it's not a normal firearm
like a real gun.
I see Israel concerning this.
Oh Father, we pray for Jerusalem; we
pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
I worship you, Father.
The Lord said, 'Remember the fox in
Cuba.
Remember the fox with the Bay of Pigs in
Cuba concerning New Orleans.'I see it very clearly. I see
the fox, the Bay of Pigs, and
New Orleans.
For sure.
We pray over our churches,
parks, and mass gatherings
concerning the 250 years. We pray over
the mass gatherings in the name of
Jesus.
Oh Father, I thank you
for our
intelligence agencies.
I thank you for supernatural wisdom over
them. Protecting our president,
our vice president,
JD Vance, and Marco Rubio.
Protecting our Supreme Court judges. We
pray over
every single one of them.
There's a hedge
around Clarence Thomas. We pray
protection over him, his health,
his prostate, his heart, and
his body. I thank you, Lord, that with long
life you will satisfy him and show him
your salvation. We pray for supernatural
protection over Clarence Thomas in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father.
Over every gathering, over New York, over
Macy's, and all the gatherings,
I call forth a red wave. We call
forth people's hearts to change. We call
forth the heart to change in America,
for the only thing that's going to save
America is an awakening unto God. We call in the
name of Jesus for
an awakening unto God.
Wake up, church. Wake up. We
call the souls across this nation and the nations of the world to be
saved in the name of Jesus.
We say, 'Satan, let go of our unsaved
loved ones. You will not hold them back anymore.'We
call forth salvation to
come to them in the name of Jesus, that
they would know Jesus Christ as their
Lord and personal savior. I speak for
the blinders to come off their eyes.
Satan, you will not blind the eyes of
the unbelievers. We call for angels'aid
and assistance.
A lady asked me to pray for her
90-year-old father. We call for him to
be saved in the name of Jesus. I call
him saved and delivered. I call
his eyes to open; even as he's
so close to going home at 90 years old,
he has time. We call him saved and
his heart pliable. To
the lady who said her husband is an
atheist, I call him saved
in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus, we call the
unsaved saved. We call the blinders to
come off their eyes.
Angels of the Lord, camp around and
work on their hearts right now. Holy
Spirit,
you want them saved more than
we do, but we pray for them right now.
We call them saved and
delivered in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for revival across
this land.
I'm going to have to get off air soon
because that man's coming.
How long has he been here?
There
are
so many things
that I'm seeing for the harvest,
and I see the harvest in Branson. There are
so many
different levels of where we are right
now in the end times and what God is
doing through the church. I'm
praying regarding terrorist attacks.
I
want to tell you this: this is not a
terrorist attack; this is an act
of war. This is an enemy within.
What I am seeing is not terrorist. They
will call it terrorist, but
it's an act of war.
If this happens like I see it,
they will say it's terrorist, but no,
it's a retaliation from Iran.
People will say, 'What's the
difference between terrorists and a nation?'Well,
an act of war is
an act
of retaliation.
It's not
like 9/11.
We pray over our churches, over the megachurches. We thank you, Lord. I
pray for
protection
over the pastors and
the congregation. We thank you,
Lord, that the angels of the Lord are
camped around them. And
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the
Clarity Act would pass and that wealth
transfer would begin.
No more delays
in the
name of Jesus.
We believe it. We call
forth the harvest in Jesus'name.
I feel a subsiding.
I just
worship him.
I can see
the vision so clearly. I can look into it
and I have such an urgency concerning
our nation this week, as we get
through the fourth and fifth. It's
praying over our Fourth of July
week for the 250th anniversary,
praying for the month of July, praying
over our nation, and praying over President
Trump.
It's an ongoing deal.
It's like we've
got milestones, like
mile markers. You get through
these mile markers and you keep pushing.
We thank you, Lord.
We pray over our military and
the parade.
Thank you, Jesus.
When I'm calling these things
out, it's because they flash before me.
They flash before me to pray over everyone
gathering. I
see little visions; they're not
long, drawn-out things.
It's a flash,
and the Lord said, 'Pray over this.'We
pray over the parade. I'm not
just calling things out from
the top of my
head; I see it. The Lord said,
'Speak it. Pray this.'I
see it almost
like you're flipping cards in front
of my face and spinning
them.
It's subtle and
fast, like a flash, and then it
goes away. He says, 'Say this. Pray over
the churches. Pray over Joel Osteen.'It's particular. When I see churches, I see Joel Osteen. Pray over
Joel
Osteen.
Pray protection over Joel Osteen.
Pray over Lakewood. I see
a church
and it flashes before me to pray over Joel Osteen.
I don't know why, but I see
it.
Praying over major gatherings
over this week. I don't
even know if Lakewood has a major
gathering, but it is praying over
Lakewood and the church.
This is not a one-on-one,
you know.
I've been here two hours and
30 minutes. I have
appointments right now, so I'm going to
have to go, but I
appreciate you being here. How did you
all like being here this morning instead
of at night? I've tried
to do things a little different and
pray with a different crowd. How many
are here today? 4,153.
That's good for my
first morning.
They say they didn't get the
notifications.
YouTube doesn't like me.
They said they just got recommended;
they had their notifications
on, but YouTube didn't notify them.
They don't like what I do.
It's the world. It's all right.
So, I'm going to do another morning
tomorrow. What do you think? Do you want to
pray with me again tomorrow morning?
It's 10:48 Central. I can do it
again probably about the same time,
maybe 8 o'clock or so. I
could go earlier, but I don't know
what time you all like. I'm
trying to do something a little
different instead of doing everything
always the same—a different crowd,
different people. It gives you an
opportunity to be with me live instead
of always just being
at 9:00 at night. I just wanted
to do things a little different. Maybe
do an afternoon. I'll try an
afternoon. I'm trying to get new faces
to pray. Pray for our nation.
Pray for the things the Lord gives us. I
saw a lot today. I'm going to be
real with you. What I saw today was kind
of disturbing. I'll be real with you
with some of it. I think it's
interesting because as I was praying
over
the drones, I've never seen
technological advancement like that.
I would love to learn how they did
that. I saw it very clearly. I saw
distractions with 9/11 as they do an
event over here to cause an event. I
saw very clearly Boston, and I saw
the soccer—planned things
to try to stir up the stalker soccer
instigators.
Instigators is what I want to call them.
They are planned terrorists,
like Antifa is what I was
seeing. It's not the actual team people,
like the fans. They are
playing instigators like groupthink.
People try to think groupthink.
They aren't thinking right
because they see one idiot do it and
they see a group of idiots do it. They
all follow the idiot,
you know. When you have a big crowd
and you lose or you win, people act
stupid. I don't understand
soccer. I don't watch it. I'm a football
guy. I like football, baseball, things
like that, basketball, American sports,
but I'm not real big into soccer.
Soccer is probably big to you all, or if
you're in a foreign country, but not to
me. I just thought they acted crazy.
I saw them rioting and burning things
and breaking car windows, and it's like,
'What's wrong with y'all?'It's
groupthink;
they're not thinking right.
It's a spirit behind it. And then
praying over this Hitler spirit, praying
over Europe, praying over that. As I was
praying into that today, I was seeing
into
it;
it's a way of thinking.
Praying over Putin, but praying over
Colombia. I saw the leader. He needs
a friend. And the Lord said He is putting
people around the new president who
takes office. He needs friends. He needs
Alvarado? Alvarado, I believe.
Alvarado.
Yeah, praying for him to have godly
friends. He needs friends. I saw he was
in danger and he's 50/50. If the
people don't gather and pray—and I saw
little groups of people praying for him;
it wouldn't have to be many—the
Lord said he would make it
through. But he must be bathed in
prayer. This man must be bathed in
prayer, for a compromise in his heart
would try to happen with a 50/50.
It's being held in the balance by the
church in Colombia.
And then I saw a fox again concerning
the Bay of Pigs and an attack
in New Orleans.
Something with the Bay of Pigs. Something
with this. And I know the Bay of Pigs was
clear back in the 60s, but there's
something with New Orleans and the fox.
And the fox represents somebody in
Cuba.
So I was seeing that, and the Lord said
pray over this, and I could see the enemy
within. I could see
subways, mass transit, and
baseball, and then praying over that,
praying over our law enforcement.
Praying over President Trump to be
strong. Oh, and then an attack against
Israel again at night. I saw
Jerusalem. I saw drones. I saw them
trying to use drones and use
technological advancements against
jammers to bring forth a different kind
of attack—an aerial attack against
Israel, not just missiles, but
some kind of drones. I'm sure Israel
has all these great technological
advancements, but they were trying to
figure out how to get around it. Iran
drones. Some kind of drones.
So, I don't know. Very interesting, huh?
Did you all enjoy that today? Thank you
for praying with me. Thank you for being
here. We appreciate every single one of
you. If you could, could you help me do
something? Like, subscribe, click the
notification bell. If you're a first-time
visitor, welcome. We love it that
you're here. We try to pray
every day. I've taken some time off and
got refreshed this week a
little bit, and today is Wednesday.
So we're going to keep going at this as I
pray over our nation, pray over
the things ahead. This is July 1st. Here
we are, the seventh month. What a
wonderful time we have. The red stands
for—oh,
it came out of Marco Rubio. The flag
grabbed a hold of Cuba's flag and they
started to become one,
and the stripes
became the stripes on Cuba's flag.
What does Cuba's flag look like? Their flag was
sitting not moving, and then all of a
sudden a flag came into Marco Rubio and
started moving, and it merged with
Cuba, and they became one flag.
I thought that was pretty cool.
But it wasn't the stars; it was the
stripes.
So the red and white
became part of Cuba, and it was moving,
and Cuba's got—it got a hold of
ours, and
they touched each other.
So I know it's symbolic,
praying for Marco Rubio.
Oh well, see look. They already have
stripes.
Yeah.
So their stripes and their flag became
red,
white, and blue—like, not blue, red and
white. Not blue.
That's neat, huh? I wonder why that is.
So they have blue and white
stripes, but it became red and white
stripes.
That's neat.
It becomes red and white stripes
instead of blue and white stripes.
And it came out of
Marco Rubio. It came out of his
chest and it started to flow out of his
heart. It started doing this and
grabbed a hold of their flag and it
became one.
But yeah, like, subscribe, click the
notification bell. Please help us with
that. We never ask for anything.
But that's one of the things—it
helps me by clicking those things. It
helps YouTube know that you like this.
They don't like me. I get it.
When you're coming against the
stuff I pray against and do all the
things, the demons don't like
us, but we're on their platform and we
play by their rules as much as I
can. We're so thankful for every
single one of you being here. Do all
that you can to help us. Like,
subscribe, click the notification, do
those things. Comment something nice
down below. And we'll keep doing this.
And again, if you
liked it, we appreciate you being
here today. God bless you all. And we
always close our prayer
session by saying: put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you. God
bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.